Oh ha
now it's too late oh look you do it in
it come on my keep your weight down
you're gonna go out of the boat get in
here you got to stand up get back to the
middle oh come on you gotta be you got
to be helping more lugging you gotta get
not lucky enough well then you gotta use
more muscle come on you got lift there
on come on come on
click cranking you only crank on the way
down up lift up now lift up lift up lift
up Logan you got to lift up now we'll go
down real down now stop I'll lift up one
let's go up now you're doing good all
right
good again Go Go Go come on this is what
you came here for come on let's go there
you go ready oh yeah
oh yeah big bull shark everybody at home
so chew on this at its finest high up
pop up no more real up this up now now
keep your weight now keep your weight
now cause he usually takes off right
here no keep your keep the rod up get
over here move the rod this way move the
rod right keep it now you guys gotta get
in front lift now there right there huh
you got to move back you move this way
Logan you got to come this way this way
now lift lift yeah come on now real down
right now stop you know big it more than
you can handle
you're like I handled it it's on the
side of the boat and I'm like that's
right my man if he's landed you handled
it yeah you just you gotta stay here you
gotta stay here you can't let that fish
you make them do that worse see you got
to make them do that work you got to
anchor yourself right there you yell and
I'm gonna do something right um I'm the
only the person not doing right you have
to stay there anchored right there
that's your spot you guys lift and then
you guys better be coordinated on the
reel down lift yeah you gotta move odd
right you can't link it in the back of
boat get your butt down anchor anchor
anchor anchor anchor anchor alright stop
cranking don't crank lift up come on no
really now real deal real real wheel all
right crank out alright lift up lift my
grill down down down to real real real I
stop
just like Duncan Clarke it's just like
the days when you used to dunk he's a
big wuss biggest one we've caught this
year I can't grab him yet cuz he's not
done gotta push this way when he starts
coming to use your body push this way
Clarke so funny this is the biggest one
I'm dying is this the biggest one look
at that stud is that one mountable baby
give you to me thank you buddy
yeah ace tired now no no don't you ever
don't you dare wrap that around your
hand don't wreck don't you dare huh now
I got all this in video in my glasses
keep you got to hold this on his nose
not yet not until I tell you okay no
it's a glass of the popular black we
want the white side up that's as far as
I'm reaching for that I old it might
let go let go what's up shout shout
shout shout grab the line rather like
you heard the line now grab the way
kinda like grab the hi
you
look in the tape yeah wait don't know
anything don't put all this knows until
I get him
listen him up again you get steamed up
it doesn't like that you can hold it all
right start putting it on there what it
hears no
boom
oh you got a kiss he's not gonna bite
you man for good
let lay down him towards the
put it down but you gotta yeah right
there huh
850 two inches